Apple could break 200 if their new iPhone is a yuge success. The weak dollar is a decent tail wind for Apple . It's really hard to call since it isn't out yet but op call is going down the toilet. He should have done farther out probably leapsNo you just sell the put. You don't exercise it to actually sell the shares unless it is about to expire. Fidelity will automatically exercise them for you if you hold them until expiration. I don't see any reason to ever exercise them before expiration.Listen to your wsb elders, young Jedi This has never been posted here before. Thank you for bringing this to our attention. What would these traders be doing? Watching trends and actively trading? Or writing briefs/making recommendations?How do I read futures charts? When will they be live for Tuesday? 

I'll just be recovering from the weekend bender. It was over 105 in Santa Cruz. Fucking awfulNot when you have 20 phones He's almost becoming Presidential
This guy knows what's upkysTrump making us that sweet sweet cashBCRON used SPLASH!

But nothing happened.
All in on government bonds/savings accounts.So this... article. This is what did it for you? The order hasn't even been executed. He's not a faggot yet.Pls tell me more, I just need to know how the savants of wsb make money buying naked options They fired their commodity traders?  They shouldY r u here?it isn't gonna happen because there are people who aren't fucking stupid involved. 

"is trump thinking about it"?  fucking probably yes because he is in fact "stupid as fuck"


please don't elect senile racist old fucks again.
thanks in advance.

that's not how robinhood graphs workIf this is an inverse gold ETF then yeah about 14 inches deep screwed https://www.bloomberg.com/markets/economic-calendar*forwards WSB moderator application to GS*NWO = New World Order?Likely to hit Japan. DD: Japan is a nuke magnet with 100% of previous hits. That's a hard trend to buck. Your phone is never at 29%?https://finance.yahoo.com/news/etfs-profit-utx-rockwell-deal-224610107.html

Going hard...so hard....mmmm hardNothing like going long on a decaying short term tool.>[**High School [0:31]**](http://youtu.be/dDxmBnClB7k)

>>High school is such a serious thing... these problems matter XD

> [*^kewl666*](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCh5tR-HWapAvbskZ7zG0iZg) ^in ^Comedy

>*^59,731 ^views ^since ^Oct ^2008*

[^bot ^info](/r/youtubefactsbot/wiki/index)https://youtu.be/dDxmBnClB7kNope, I'm retarded and overleverage my lifeThanks for the DD. I'm in.You'll be skipping to a bullet soon alright.Taxes gonna be a bitch...You really never thought it's go up? Hope you lose more next time for that logic.Suk dik Follow international markets and plan accordingly for the Us market.   

Scalp /HG and /ZBMy entry was with smaller amounts. The 144.5's were the last trade, after a lot the move already happened. They were more ITM and had less gamma=less risk and volatility. After I placed that big order I saw a big flash of red for a split second. I think it was a glitch. I used the profits gained from the first 2 trades to insulate myself from potential losses.Have you been making millionsthis is gonna fuck up my profile so bad and even worse it will lead to a crash on wall street. now that i really look at it, a lot of big box stores and tech are connected to china in one way or another. What are you using to trade penny stocks? The transaction fees are far too high for every site I've looked at :(Long xiv. 

One of us is going to be unhappy.Throw money on the grill.  Watch it burn.  Just like every day. 

I'm NOT going to cry AGAIN for longing 3x bullish ETF's... I'm saving my tears and rope for market open Tuesday.Fly to Monaco; bet it all on zero.He just deposited 29kIt was the blocks for me. I just watched them thinking 'SHOULD I SELL NOW?!' the whole time, and then it goes to 0.Did papa Warren dump his shares yetTime. Experience. TA. Luck.  The sexual tension between you two is distracting you from the market.  Just screw already.
Futures arentIsn't the market closed..Yep, I'm in on KTOS although my position isn't great. I do expect to make a decent return though especially with NK and Trump's pissing contest. Sociopath probably wouldnt give a flying fuckBuy 200 shares of RAD. Get blackout drunk like every other Monday Well, I will give you credit for coming back and admitting that.  I've been there, too.Lol Without him the S&P chart will be a near straight line lolDumb question, but where can I find the full calendar? I basically see y'all as delusional kids who waste your days on a very expensive smartphone app. it's wells fargo, they ran out of money and had to hire the janitors as the "bankers"you guys got whooshed not himAhh thanks man!turns out i'm wrong on that. Reminded me of my good old college days. I downloaded an online poker playing bot software to play real cash for me. Went to bed with $100 balance and woke up with $15 left. Never used that shit again. Put tendies on fire.Dude do you even Wolf of Wall Street? Loser....that's a $700 trade.  I mean, worse case scenario is he loses, what 30%?  $210 dollars total losses - not exactly the end of the world.I have 2 garages and I'm still poor. Makes senseIn case you aren't making a joke:

Don't do what WSB says. It's memes.Short myselfYa. Give your money to anyone that asks for your money.

Now... give me your money. 
inb4 the market tanks first thing Tuesday just to fuck you overWhat if it goes down additional 30k after you get rid him? You gonna try to get him back?Janitor position is open, go for it. Did you check what the orange buffoon just tweeted?Your trades aren't here. Either link or post themLong $IAC who owner Tinder, Match and OK Cupidland in west virginia is selling for like $900 an acre 

buy 60 acres and plant some cherry treesOi Goy no shekels for youJesus F Christ!!! LOL!Yes, it was.... genius.
Click on the 3YR chart and you will see it was in the upper 30's in July, 2015.
Daily chart shows it was $39+

http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/hznpwhat he meant to say was download robinhood to your phone and put all your money in $AMDhttp://i.imgur.com/rxFI7wF.jpg     
Your post has been automatically removed because of pedophilia.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*Down 20k. 40%OkYa the second part already happened. Kimmie just likes poking big dummy and Russia and China love watching. They get to make it look like they are the rational ones preaching deescalation. Poor Trump tried to play tough and they called his bluff.I just bought BABA for the first time on Friday. I have a feeling a full embargo is about to go into effect tbh.It's a quote from Wolf of Wall StreetSorry bro I don't know what that means.Bruh don't Yolo your money on options just take a month to learn actual trading skills and play SPX at around 5 contracts a time.Only up 115.37% in 6 months!?

Fail.

Hang your head in shameWhy TDA over IB?up nearly 2100% since march 2017I find that he thinks he will be working in a field that he loves when he is 27 to be priceless. Hope he loves Starbucks. Market wants to go higher, just accept it, ignore the idiots in financial media who keep calling for pending 10% correction, and profit. whoosh The java virtual machine Android is based on is just stupid for any device that either seeks high performance or is performance constrained (because of battery and size).  Plus, apple is just better at making processors than Samsung or Qualcomm.Tell him to suck a dick because we don't fuck with penniesJesus that's depressing.TELL US >The year I turned 26 years old I made 49 million dollars, which  really pissed me off because it was 3 shy of 1 million a week.  

That's funny because 5 days ago you commented that you were 25 years old. Do you have a time machine ? 
true, one was about 3 minutes after close recentlyDang.  I wish I had bought on friday.  Now Kim has to go and screw everything up.he will have $476 in 5 yearsProbably more trade action on the whole dollar amounts. It is a buy & sell market by humans after all, not everything is perfect logic.turned $23k into $900Samsung is making the screens for the new apple phones idk if that matters but yeahGive me 5 dollars and I'll buy stocks for youthe rise of degeneracy

see what i did there?  you just gotta turn it positiveNWO type shit. Not to be confused with NWA. https://www.google.com/search?q=HZNP&oq=HZNP&aqs=chrome..69i57&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8

no it wasntIs this picture upside down?Can someone explain why the 145s had bigger gain than the 144.5, even though it has bigger delta?tree fiddy.Guys, I like commie rifles. Does that make me a bad person? If you can't buy vix calls you need a better brokerage. I have a garage but I'm still poor. Kim has shorts here and there ...china is literally the backbone of the US economy. this would kill the US ofc the fuck not he's literally retarded if he doesIsn't that a Jewish toyZzif you want to invest legitly into marijuana, GWPH is the answerTrump warned of "fire and fury" before. Only fire and fury was from that Indian food I ate."Im not like all the other key notes"-AAPL 09/12 Key-notesUnless you own some really shitty stocks instead of index funds for long term or plan to retire in the next 5-10yrs, your stock value will always recover only to go onto to new record highs.

The reason to trade short term is to help mitigate some of those short term opportunity cost by taking advantage of those dips or averaging down.make sure its not a stopped car. Only when I buy calls*I honestly hope the market dip so that I can load up on callsOP's posts history is a goldmine:

> I have a crush, and we're not even friends (we've had one talk,) she has a boyfriend and all, so I don't plan on doing anything too direct. I think I'm in denial on whether she likes me or not, in my head I say that she does, but there's no signs. What the fuck.

> Very shy/introverted (17 YO), just found out that high school crush has a boyfriend and am devastated. What can I do without being disrespectful to her boyfriend? Just befriend her and see where this leads? I don't think just being friends would be rude or disrespectful to her BF, right?

> I don't know but my entire existence feels so stupid right now. I know that in 10 years I will be working at a field that I love, but still hurts me to think that while people are talking to each other and hanging out I'm putting myself playing online video games. Really fucking hurts.

Get help OP!!
Knowing the market it'll probably forget about all of this on Wednesday Sounds like some creepy teenager butthurt with a milf. Ban this faggot.I wonder how much do the kardashians pay to be on that page every day.hahahahahah, it really annoyed me to say 4 but ill admit lazyness and also i didnt want to be "that guy" So you added money to your account?October 6 and 13, various strikes.If you wanna know just youtube Alex Jones show globalist .. $3.74 ..God damn itWerid i still cant see it. Even when i click on his profile.Game changer. I'm going all in!You just find the purpose of being here.The US or its allies should do a covert strike on their nuclear facility/ facilities. I would hope with the long history North Korea has that there are people inside the government there working as moles. 

If we sabotaged their next test and it blew up it would be very easy for the rest of the world to just chalk it up to a mistake/ incompetence on NKs part. 

[Remember](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2012/jan/11/iran-nuclear-scientist-killed) that Iranian scientist that was killed by two guys on a motorcycle with a magnetic bomb? Similar ideaChina might stop all trades in NK. So problem solved?I'm sure they've already sanctioned as much as they can. China will always just give them whatever they need to keep going.Sell naked calls Lol. I wouldn't. I'm hoping to see a spike Tuesday and get the fuck out of it. Then let it die back down and consider jumping back in. But there's a good chance all the tards out there will forget about it before the markets open. >If I expect a huge jump up in price after the dividend is paid. 

Somehow, I think this is going to work out really well for you.
But I'm usually wrong. They each live in upper class homes.You didn't fix shit. #yolo all the wayHere is some DD.
He's a regular poster in r/teenagers.  Thats what the One China policy is correct?So long TWTR? Or so long TWTR!Ayy you got gains and good taste in music What kind of shit app is thatIm shaking my dick by the sound of those bells man ring them harder pleaseLast Monday they launched the missile over Japan, and [Tuesday consumer confidence numbers came out](http://i.imgur.com/Kd0sK5K.png), a lot of the upward pressure had to do with that.  Followed later in the week with GDP coming out.

Next week might be a little different.It's fan fiction. One more... Does the volume on DFEN bother you?  Some days it's low. That concerns me if I need to get out of it quickly.  So far, it hasn't been a problem.  So far...yes, it is my strategy as wellbuy yourself a coffee at mcdonalds and fix your life so you can properly yolo.How u buy vix calls doe AMD just signed some deals with Chinese companies. I will flip shit. As much as ide love to believe this, how do we know this isnt troll bait for some penny mjna pump n dump?Pretty much the only option at this point without looking like a pussyit's hidden for some reason - check OP's profileI don't, but that doesn't mean these pussy tech investors won't sell everything on Tuesday because of this tweetNice.  Tha'ts often the hard part.  Lol, wut? Rally forever. Markets never go down Do people actually still believe anything Trump says? can you manage my money? i will even suck ur big toe. ""My thinking is DFEN is as "safe" as a 3x ETF can be right now based on what's going on.""

Completely agree. 

Now shut the fuck up before you convince me to buy back into it Tuesday!!!  LOL!

Seriously.  I'm considering it. 

Fuck. yes, GAINS just cause you suck at trading doesn't mean everyone here is as trash as you are a faggot. I love you. Financial Darwinism Go back to /r/investing faggotI completely agree with you. My thinking is DFEN is as "safe" as a 3x ETF can be right now based on what's going on. Will it last? Probably not. Are we about to see a good run on it? I think in the near term we will. I jumped in late last week and I think we'll see since people freak the fuck out and run defense stocks up - or at least that's what I'm betting on. I'm confused, I thought it was difficult to trade penny stocks with Robinhood, there's no exposure to the OTC?

I'm guessing you YOLO'd all NASDAQ Biotechs?> china

nice meme trump, but it'll never happenIt's horrid and I feel bad for anyone in the EU. Luckily, Liechtenstein will never allow this.26% in 8 monthsFuck man I'm in way over my head with these Wall Street ballersAre you seriously this delusional?  Do you honestly think the US would risk nuclear war by initiating military action against a nuclear capable enemy.....fuck....I have neither the time nor patience for your faggotryRobinhood Looks like Trump is threatening more sanctions.  Whatever good that will do.  Perhaps but in most cases I'd say it wasn't a great deal since the woman was the thing being traded, not the person making the trade.

Marriage isn't any one thing. It is both about love and about economics. It's both a legal institution and a religious one and a personal one. Let's not simplify it unnecessarily.Stop trying to scare the vix bagholders This man has a set of church bells people!  CHURCH FUCKING BELLS!!!The year I turned 26 years old I made 49 million dollars, which  really pissed me off because it was 3 shy of 1 million a week. It doesn't have to be a nuke.  And it won't be. 

The biggest problem is the pissing contest between Trump and KJU.  That creates uncertainty. The market fears uncertainty. That's what I don't like about this. 

I've been in and out of DFEN since it opened.  It's been all over the chart.  I've made money.  But it's volatile as fuck. And right now it looks good because everyone is buying into defense contractors.  But if this pissing contest between Trump and Kim continues, the VIX will rise.  And when it does...

Or maybe it won't.  Maybe everyone will ignore the pissing contest.  Or maybe the media will play it up even more when people start ignoring it.  Perhaps Trump or Kim will go batshit crazy and start a war. 

I really don't know. For how much you fags cry about SNAP, this sub is the only place I ever hear or see anything about it in my day to day lifeProbably the smallest one will hold his value. Not sure his 170/180 yolo tho. Pretty sure they will go down into toilet. 

Some dumb cunt forgets that Aapl will be first trillion market cap when they hit $200. 

hahaha I'll post a pic when i get to my garage later.  That's right bitches....I've got garage moneyPretty sure both will get cucked. Nice. Time to lose moneyStfu faggotYou are better off playing blackjack than letting these fags handle your moneyDidn't know wsb likes art.what happens between the record date (September 7th) and the ex-d date (September 12th). This is kinda of weird, why is the ex-d date later than the record date? In this case, can't someone buy on Tuesday/Wednesday (09/06 - 09/07) then sell anytime before 09/12. The stock usually drops by the amount of dividend paid on ex-d date. In this case there is seems to be a 1 to 2 ratio which would happen on 09/12 so don't sell before that at whatever market price is and get the dividend as well. Am I missing something here?  
The only I would guess is after 09/07 and before 09/12, the stock price would drop? if yes why? 
what app is that? Kim's going to keep doing stupid things till CPC Congress in mid-October.They sell data and trades to the hedgies.
https://startupsventurecapital.com/robinhoods-exceptionally-clever-business-model-arbitraging-privacy-776663d4d855Not even enough to pay commission fuck Thanks I appreciate the kind words. I'll let you know though, there's bound to be a bad trade soon enough. I'm short gold they better forget fast.Get a better jobThere's no reason to think the S&P is gonna shit itself unless you think a nuke is gonna hit the US or or one of our buddies. All this NK talk is just going to continue to run defense stocks up. You are stupid as fuck if u believe in that. North korea has a shit ton of missiles aimed at seoul from land and sea, trump or SK taking the risk of attacking first is basically signing the death sentence for 10+ million peopleI'll bet you my 1k shares of TVIX and NUGT that you're wrong. NoobI keep going around and aroundiS tHe mArk3t g0iNg t0 c0rRect 4 nK agA!NMaybe if the missile actually hits Japan or Guam. It takes more this time than just flying over the Northern Japan.

If that happens, I am saying goodbye to my portfolio. Gotta brush my portfolio next week and be fag. Dude how can you tell someone to kill themselves?! Suicide is a serious matter. What if the guy is having some life problems and this is the last straw?

Nah jk man you ok nigga Im just humping you between the ass cheeks my fine brotherPretty much this, when NK fired three missiles and he didnt say anything markets opened up greenLong RTN, LMT. Short AAA mortgage bonds on Pacific coast.Everything is made in china, if he stops all trade our country will fukn die lolYeah read some book he didn't even write

He says 'be willing to walk away' which isn't a negotiation tactic he figured out first. Trouble is with China and US no one is actually walking away and everyone knows it. this is not true - at best they lend shares and take interest from short sellers.Depends how violently our orange emperor responds. Last time (NK firing a shitty missile over Japan) Nasdaq opened -.8% and finished up like .4% cuz Donny kept his mouth shutNah, KTOSCan't wait for the 12 month anniversary accompanied by a wild ride into the abyss.LolThere is a fine line in options between gambling and investment. Many crossed that fine line here including me. Trumptard's response matters a lot more than lil Kim's actions - we saw that last Tuesday when he didn't say shit about the missile over Japan. Options = leverage. I bet you are not doing options. So $112k in 2 months makes sense. 85% of my portfolio on tvix sure hopes sohttp://uploads.tapatalk-cdn.com/20130213/3ereqajy.jpgI can't see it here but there's one on OPs profile.OOooohLast week NK missile dip, it was an easy buy if u did. Then a few weeks ago on Tech sell off.

I got my money back from BABA and SQ mostly. 
Not Ay Em Dee, not sure why the tendies are a lot harder to make there. Harder to predict the price action. 

BABA, I have been holding $140 sept when it was $125. I said it was screaming buy many months ago when it was $110-$120. Noone listened here. I bought and shot up to $140 a few days after. 

Just saying, I stopped YOLO on weeklies. One of the reasons why my money went from $70k to $30-$40k. Brushed it up and played differently.

SQ, I have been holding since $17. I went out and saw so many stores using SQ and start to be bullish. I YOLO on the LEAPS.

TL;DR I guess I am just lucky =/. Or maybe not. 
Fun fact: I was one of the idiot sold NVDA at $105 before it went skyrocket. It could have been $400k if I didn't sell it. I  YOLO and was spooked by Ay EM Dick -30% in one day. I pulled back the NVDA and decided not to play. 

But definitely buying at the right price and stock, it will get ur money back quickly.

However, you are not going to get back ur losses in a week or perhaps a month. It might take months or a year or two. You are reducing ur losses not breaking even. That's the right mind set. You will do fine eventually. 

Play conservative (close to the money and 1-2 ER expiration) and understand the company and stock movement. 

Best of luck :) 


[Probably here](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/6xtk01/z/dmiifos)[Probably here](https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/6xtk01/z/dmiifos)Does trump's twitter have extra security? Because it seems to me that someone could hack into his twitter and cause nationwide havoc for an hour or so.You bought Tim Sykes course, huh.TastyTrade was made for the supersmarts, not unedumacated peple like me.

I go bak to OpshanHous?what will this do to the markets Tuesday? http://edition.cnn.com/2017/09/03/politics/trump-north-korea-nuclear/index.htmlPics or ban faggotRam capacity says nothing about speed, duhI'm not seeing that comment. Is it in this thread?

I'm not seeing that comment. Is it in this thread?Show picksyea sure you can post the trade afterwards, most in here do this
you should not be trading stocks lol This shit is starting Tuesday for me. Yakt time.don't worry, he said many things and never did any.  
just talk, no action. he wants to get attention, that's it.I'm a big fan, definitely what I show to all my friends who want to try out investing and learn something and lose a few hundred bucks. With my account as big as it is now, I'm considering moving to TD Ameritrade.What a baller hahaThey invest the money people leave sitting in their accounts and keep the profits for themselves.Initially by holding your money for a couple of days before letting you invest it, and then holding a it a while after you sell. In that interim, they are making money with it. Also, I am sure a lot of people have money in their account that is not invested. Posted in another comment. Posted in another comment Holding no positions right now. All profits were realizedFuck that all in TVIX for impending doomsday, do you even want to be a millionaire by Tuesday GODDAMNIT C'MON It's actually an American holiday. I just don't need to have an arguement with an idiothttp://i.imgur.com/rxFI7wF.jpg     
Your post has been automatically removed because of pedophilia.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/wallstreetbets) if you have any questions or concerns.*congrats on your nuke.. I had a buy order in on Friday but canceled.. Ouch.All in DFEN. It'll keep going up for the next couple months assuming the gov doesn't shut downBITCF?Gonna keep popping new ATHs again and again but will dip after the keynote. All in Jan ITM Cs; don't forget to stay lubed and hydrated.Ones that make money. Yes. They have a Gold account that has a monthly fee. It gives a few benefits. Extra trading hours, more buying power and instant settlement. The basic account is unlimited free trades and is suitable. App is really clean and simple. Where do they make money? Just on the premium accounts?You should sell now lol the day we pray that we bought some long positions on VIX in anticipation.No fees for the basic account. They all hang out with eachother and hate outsiders - so yes, they all tend to do the same shit.Don't make that one trade to try and make $4, markets wil instantly reverse and you will lose all gainzI set it at two standard deviations. That is usually 3-4%. 

It's not the same for every stock.Well, he did this on a sunday - if he had waited until Tuesday, you'd have seen a drop in the markets - but the markets have a short memory, but tuesday this could all be forgotten.Where do I sign up?Dick picsTEACH ME!How do you like robinhood? What are the fees like?My thingy is springyThat's fucked and could wipe out a years worth of trading wtfBruh then go MGTOW, you can't get divorce raped if you don't get married *points to forehead*Every time I got a coldbrew from Starbucks my portfolio was up by 5%. dweeb? what are you like 50?Should creep on ppl history B4 u commit"Considering" my ass.Innocent drivers.Then what country will I dropship stuff from on my shitty shopify site?Except haircut boy won't be able to distinguish between a limited strike and full blown attack. He will counter attack. Therefore, we can't attack first.Yes, buy tomorrow when the market is closed you stupid faggot.Idk markets r fucky. Last week during nk markets open super red and then ended up ... greenWelp Too late for that! Maybe next time around : )  thanks anyways. Annual "give us 10%" (not of gains, of total) tax.Please, sir.. the details. Don't forget to take a out a life policy before u do itTried this it worked. I stopped losing  money thanks!The flair is literally shit post you dweeb. Get a life.You should invest in a chargerInsider trading gtfo hoeLike single trade or year to yearOh duh, oh well. Eventually I will make that +$30k.Welcome to Europe, where our benevolent Communist overlords are discussing making a transaction tax that would eliminate anyone that doesn't trade at a margin better than 10%.At least they had some moments of green...It's not that we won't see green.  It's that any sharp jump in the vix is a huge money making opportunity.  Buy calls, wait for the gap up into the teens.  Sell the calls and roll it all into puts.  Sell again when vix crosses below 11.  Loop.   I think you mean the other way arounddid you forget where you are? We're all delusional here... cant yolo the same if youre a rational person.Ay, thanks babe. strike against US and allies hasnt worked out well for anyone

Its for a bargaining chip at best. They trying to become like PakistanStill no yacht loser.And DFENYou do see the flair rightquality guns dont really depreciate in value just by existing.  If you have a considerable collection it is more of an asset than the carYou're delusional. Call your wife a loose slut, surely she'll come around!earnings reports and trump tweets are what make straddles a beautiful thing.And he is afraid that the US will eventually topple him like they did to Sadam and Gadaffie if he doesn't peruse a nuke.  Trump has been saying for twenty years that we should nuke NK.  What is scary is both sides are doing exactly what they said they would. I pray one of them is bluffing. just show her the numbers on marriage stability/divorce rates by the number of sexual partners the woman has had.  theyre highly correlated.

easy way to make it her fault (unless youre dealing with your virgin high school sweetheart or something)My thoughts exactly. I bought the tvix dip at 16.50 and when the notification came on my phone about the nuke test... I smiled.You write like a twelve year old.  Next, you'll call someone a "beta."Markets are closed though :/Better a genius that someone who posts shitI too am bothered by that. Was planning on making a quick trade to fix that but I wanted to post on the six month and sadly its a Sunday. Oh well maybe tomorrow. I believe it was Get Bigger by NxWorries at the time. Holy shit you're bad at tradingnowhere to go but up https://www.google.com/finance?q=APPLI shit 42% ROI every morning before I eat breakfast. Welcome to the stock market... we've been waiting for you.Read Sun Tsu's The Art of War.  Way more relevant when dealing with China.Dude gonna get impeached by the NWO so fast if he tries it. Or people will just ignore him entirely.It closely correlates to the S&P.  The S&P shits itself, so does DFEN, but with 3x leverage. Find the nearest highway and walk in front of a carLong VR, porn and sex dolls. Plus cannabis when it's legal.

Downhill from here lads.I fucking love it. Someone who actually knows the rules here, please tell him he won't get banned. Picks and details !!!I'm up 42% YTD on equity alone :\^)Up bigly. Actually, I've been thinking of posting trades in real time so others can follow along if they wish. I'm not good with computers and it'd take a little extra time to post proof. With short term expiry options and daytrading, those seconds can be crucial. I wonder if it would be possible to post proof after the trade? I just don't want to get banned. I don't use any stops either, as gamma causes wild swings. EDIT: After the trade meaning, after the whole trade has been completed, ie, after sold to close.Don't hate the playa hate the game son.I want the yolo details My wife ("hand") sends her thanks for my massive erection. How are your gains for the year?China would never give their blessings for an American preemptive strike. If history is an indicator, we are going to keep slapping them on their wrist until they have capable, thermonuclear armed ICBMs, they'll demand something ridiculous like reunifying Korea under their leadership or they'll pop a nuke, and only then we will finally call their bluff. And that's the day we pray that our antimissile defense actually works.CongratsLolz. Fuck and I was long it too after the merger... recently cashed out for a pretty penny you faggot.This is big, big, BIGLY stuff here.Yeet. Started a tvix position Friday. Tweet it up, Trumpy.Closed my silver position on friday, fml. What is a globalist?Fuck that top, damn thing reminded me of myself. Up 115% Thank NVDA!

[proof](http://imgur.com/a/DXoVd)Except you know NK having nukes.I jack it then cry.
KHC for those of us who aren't retarded. "4 more dollars"If we stop trade with China, both our economies will feel a lot of pain. This will never happen. Fuck off.all in two $MCD apple piesWell that would be silly, I don't own a Yahkt who am I to say how it's pronounced?whats stocks do you have, wizard?Didn't you know? Only hedge fund managers hang out here.Destroying their ICBM sites is more about sending a message. We did the same thing in Syria. 

North Korea can't go to war. Victory is a mathematical impossibility. I wouldn't put it past Trump to destroy their sites and call their bluff. If Kim fired a full attack on Seoul he would in a sense be blowing up his own cities and killing himself.Thats what i thoughtSo glad I bought into uvxy on Friday lolEdward Jones.  Lol.Fuck offJust putsThen bet on US going to warI read that the Japanese is flipping the shit though.Unless you're holding uvxy>Officer

>No responsibilities

Seems about right.Does Kim Jong Un seem like the rational, long term thinker type to you?Are we not gonna ask for proof? What the fuck happened to this sub! This is some massive faggotry going on here.

"Yeah I turned 15 million into 20 cents AMA"markets completely recovered and more when nk sent a missile last week.  rally tuesday Uh huh. How about all the conventional artillery batteries aimed at Seoul. Idiot.[$50k will get you this.](http://imgur.com/a/Q7gyN) But the guy is blackIt is on the Bloomberg Terminal, 
here's a short video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arDFDxsAAC0

Why not DFEN?Tweety bird-in-chiefI typed a longer reply out but lost it.

I have no business playing 10/20.  Skill level of today's players is super high and I'm not sitting there with PIO Solver, game trees, a HUD, etc etc like even 100NL players are these days.

I'm in Europe now so considering playing more full-time but that would require BRM, discipline etc.  Not sure the juice is worth the squeeze with online poker anymore.GET OUT OF HERE WITH YOUR COMMUNIST DECIMAL POINT. 

Seriously though turning down the alarm system a tid bit that comma confused me harder than RAD tankingThis motherfucker is coked out of his mind. lol.Long $SNAPVenmo me $1500 and I'll trial run it for you.18.5 grand trade: https://i.imgur.com/eCx4dry.pngi dont buy the amazon will be the only company left shit. people love costco, its like a fucking experience shopping there. also, and more important, their numbers are insanely impressive. check out their last couple same store sale growth and wait till u see their earning in OCT. I have till JAN on my leaps with a 165 strike so i got time. You play like Indonesian whale businessman.  

A month ago @ Resort World Sentosa in Singapore playing 10/20 Sing Dollar.

He sits down to my right with full buy-in 3000.

This is his first hand.

He raises to 90.

I look down at AA and raise to 225.

Folds around to him he raises to 550.

I jam to 3000.  He calls.  $6000 pot.

Flop comes A, 10, 9.  I now have top set.

Turn is a K.  He flips over QJ suited.  I smile and lose.
BURN I'm selling at premarket open. Not opening bell.
Buy the dip at it grows all Tuesday morning.

How exactly do I get ripped off if I'm selling in premarket with everyone else? It will be a limit order, so I dont understand your logic. Either I sell it or it stays in my account lol.

Last time this happened NVDA went from 164>154 and sat at 154-158 all day.Yes and no. Read The Art of the Deal. Lol yeah rightWe have a genius here folks!na but a fat 401k i can pull if im really a faggot. Ignition software is garbage... I'm in Europe now so going to switch to PartyPoker or Pokerstars soon.  Unfortunately I don't think it's paper, that's the Charles Schwab app.Buy your vix lotto tickets at close on Fridays fgts. Because AAPL and NVDA are already going to be trading at a discount Tuesday morning so you are going to get ripped off in premarketOk... well, it's fixed now.If you get rid of him two will pop up in his place that are the same or worse.  I will take the devil I know for the one I don't any day.Except him and his kids will be fine if war doesnt break out vs US. 

Stick to trading Naz100 and SP500 stocks, but preferably unleveraged, liquid ETFs to work on improving your trading skills. Work options in the mix for added return. Aim for 10%-20% a yr, not 10x baggers or even 2x. Keep any one position to no more than 10%(as your port grows, lower it) . Have both a profit and stop-loss target before you enter a trade. Stoo-loss should be no more than 10%. Make use of shorting.

It will take time. If you haven't the time, it's time for a new hobby or career.Man, I wish ignition had keyboard shortcuts.options ?He has other kids this is is first boy though.  Yes he will start a war if felt threatened.  I would kill or die defending my children too what parent wouldn't not that I would want to or advocate that.  When you have kids it isn't about you.How is that even fairThe wild card is if the Allies finally decide to attack North Korea with a preemptive strike to destroy their missile sites.Dude. Post your gd trades so I can jerk it. Wtf is this shiti dont even trust a chinese person to sell me a phone charger who cares what they sayBullish AFPlease post trades or gtfo. Need to inverse you asap. Where do you track the tankers? I had no idea this existed.I think your friends would know the truth, unless those girls represent a porn addiction.These are some ridonkulous gains You're assuming women always got the bad end of the deal. I've read enough classic literature to know there were a variety of possible outcomes, and plenty of smart women who knew how to play the game.

To get back to the point, marriage, even today, is not a celebration of love and affirmation of commitment. There's a bit of window dressing to that effect, but the heart of it is the legally binding contract you sign that day. The wedding industry doesn't talk about that much, but most people eventually find it's the part that really sticks around..LIT is lit. I know how you guys feel about three letter etfs, but lithium has got me half way to the moon and it's not stopping.No I ran into this last week at work so it stuck out to me. Should we nominate you as a mod?Who cares man. No, I bought TVIX shares. Just curious.you will get a 90 day ban in the first violation, i tested them LOLlol so much rage hahahahI've made about $60k since trump got elected. I just cashed in and bought a 2016 Porsche Boxster S. Living the dream faggots go fucking ask /r/RobinHood or google this obvious fucking questionAlso ~~lean~~ meme hogs commodities.  I thought Jobs was our generations Jobs.Because 3-4% can be standard deviation with a lot of large caps.Are you going to proof all my posts or just this one?

..I'm really looking forward to having my own personal proof reader.Do you own a house? Try to take a loan out against it. Makes it easier to average down.Dude do not put any money on anything that amazon might affect. They're raping the retail and grocer market rn.#3 EFT = Electric Funds Transfer is a payment, you mean ETF = Exchange Traded FundI'm up 1.06% as of yesterday after 6 months  Git GudYou can look at oil tanker speeds and patterns to know if they are actually delivering oil or just being used as offshore storage facilities (moving really slowly or in circles) because there are benefits of doing that rather than anchoring which needs to be reported. If a bunch of them start moving at once you know that inventories are dropping before they are being reported or that the tankers are moving so that inventories on land don't get reported as dropping. But when that happens, something fishy is going on and you can expect movement in oil prices.ImpressiveTell him to short BABA until he feels obligated to kill himself.As the years go by, think about what state you're in. Some states have common-law marriage on the books, and you can find yourself in the exact same situation without even realizing it, and without the whole prenup thing - especially with a baby in the picture.Thought it included weekly OTM calls?It's AAPL faggot.http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-china/chinas-anger-at-west-to-overshadow-tougher-action-on-north-korea-idUSKCN1BE0MB?utm_campaign=trueAnthem:+Trending+Content&utm_content=59ac1da204d30122a3bd7aff&utm_medium=trueAnthem&utm_source=twitterAll in HITBuy HZNP and hold for 2 or 3 years.  You will do well. It's $13-14 now and was almost $40 a couple of years ago.  It will get there again.Single Army Officer with no responsibilities.Go on...Think or swim, now that was ok, but TastyTrade..Prestige, connections, and power. If you're globalist and want to be like Soros. If you're not then you're probably right.Show them picksAsk your local mobsterteach me your waysXDim outta cash, does fucking your mom count as an average down? Why would SPY puts go down on this info?I'm gonna say it again. You can only cry wolf so many times before we stop giving a fuck. Hopefully our tendies will be fine.that baby is probably a chinese spyeh little Kimmy can go little overboard sometimes.

his brother was looking to overthrow Kim with help with Chinese authorities. 

http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/08/24/kim-jong-un-killed-uncle-half-brother-over-china-coup-plot-report-says.html specifying child support terms in a prenup is a good way to get it thrown out. Make sure to have a lawyer prepare it and have her get her own lawyer.DracarysWhat song are you listening to?Did you sell $UVXY calls?Are you gay or something Until they realize you pay the maid more than her. ... do siblings KILL each other all the time? or are we dealing with a power hungry egotistical maniac that acts by a different set of mores than the average population. Plus you save money in docking fees by tendering from intentional waters. We are just a bunch of delusional weebs that watched the wolf of walllstreet too many times.siblings fight all the timeBigly*isn't this the dude that killed his own brother? RIP faggots delights its bothering me that you didnt make 4 more dollars so you could post it at 30k gains So you're a hot dog investorkim jong un will not likely to start a war because he just had a baby. 

how hard is that to understand reallyLooked at my august statement yesterday. 

Up 52% for the month.  It was a good month. Or Tuesday, as markets close for labor day. > I actually started out with 25k and got to 70k in 4 months

awesome. you can do it again . 

stick to those stocks that you win usuallyWhat date and strike are you holding? Feels good man> shoulda just let some weeklies expire, would be fun to see a -100% trade

It is not fun when it happens so many times consistently. Its like part of the weekend plans Up on Amgen, Apple, Google, Comcast, McDonald's, Amazon (sold recently though), and Berkshire.

In recently on Home Depot and Hasbro, both of which I'm confident in. Also just recently got in on Ubiquiti Networks, which I think could reasonably be up 10x in 5 years.

Down somewhat big on Disney, but I've been averaging down. I believe in the House of Mouse long term.

I don't trade options or short sell or anything. I've had family retire pretty young and well-off just by investing long term in blue chips and some smaller Lynch type picks on fundamentals so I follow that guidance. I guess I don't really belong here, but I admire people who have the huevos to go big or go home on options and futures plays.Woo baby thanks kim!Made me laugh!What?long $KIMHave you averaged down, faggot?!Don't swallow.... that's how you get pregnant.

You fag captain.  Uvxy? I almost :(do you want to go to war with a newbornWhen it turns ITM the IV turns low and open interest turns high. 

My loss would be $1.99 if it doesn't pan out my way. Odds are traditionally in my favor in the month of Sept. With all the upcoming chaos, common sense would dictate this was a good move.They are a bad investment K"Play more conservatively until I know how to trade consistently".

FTFYIf you think that motherfucker is actually doing any of the hard work of raising that kid i.e. changing diapers and losing lots of sleep, you're dillusional Hoping to break even come monday 🤞🤞Current holdings: 
4 AMD Jan 2019 $12 calls, up 37%  
600 shares XXII, down 4% *(I bought high)*  
1 GILD Jan 2019 $75 call, up 141% *(thanks Martin)*  
2 HAIN Jan 2019 $55 calls, up 50% *(thanks rich white women)*  
140 shares ETSY, up 60% *(thanks rich white women)*  
50 shares ELF, down 24% *(fuck poor white women)*  
2 LMT Jan 2019 $370 calls, up 124% *(thanks Trump)*  
200 shares FREJP, down 15% *(fuck Trump)*  
2 November VXX $52 calls, down 30% *(hopefully will be a lot less on Tuesday)*  

Including two other HAIN calls I sold two weeks ago that I was up 250% on, my baby $10k account is currently up a little under 50% since Jan 20Ferrari has made me 1k in the past month Love this one "no matter what happens- don't tell the wifey! ;-) Happy wife - Happy Life!This is goddamn brilliant and fuck youYes... all communication is advertisement at some fundamental level.  I think of most communications here as easily solved word problem... sort of like a daily crossword puzzle.They're just a bunch of edgy teenagers who have no idea what they're talking about. The actual communists are at r/communistsThe IV is extremely high and the open interest is very low. His last calls unexpectedly expired worthless and he is now down 90%. This might be one of his final yolos.Why make money once, when I can make it twice?I miss the old WSB, before all these shitty memesThanks. The nbc business news tries to scheme me too, everybodys a pumper. The thing you have to remember about WSBs is that even the mods are pumping and dumping something that they're hoping you're the bigger fool who will be buying.Long H1B visas.Thanks for saving me First time I ever played a slot machine, at Binions, I put in $1,5 and got out $431. > I dumped 100k into half a dozen tech companies and haven't touched it, which was 2 months ago. Its 112k now. Appl, BABA, NVDIA, AMD, NFLX, FB.

WSB is not impressed by your not-gamblingNo, it means you're luckySeriously, god damn it, I saw this headline and immediately thought "fuck, I have VXX calls and LMT calls, why couldn't he have detonated a nuke this while the market is open Tuesday, not over a 3 day weekend. WHAT ABOUT MY GAINS"Just buy 69k of litecoin.Jesus lol is this how this sub actually sees itself? Nobody thinks you're like thisMan the fucking alert notification from my news app said it was a weapons test at first...then like 5 mins later said it was actually an earthquake ...my bad.

Guess I'll get a better news app lolHow shipping routes and boat behaviour influence commodity prices. Sold bull spreads on $UVXY and closed last week. Bought 500 $UVXY calls expiring October (break even).

Lets hope this does something. Your trophy wife Mary want children and hopefully one day you will love a woman so much you will want to have children with her.
There is the dilemmaSooner it is then!Lol the short term gains train has left for both. I'll be laughing at his market order for KTOS when it opens at 15I brought 2x/3x levered calls on all of that plus some vxx because he said he was going to do it.  Is that insider trading?Last time this happened, markets closed green. He must browse hereWhere fucking a hotdog isn't considered gayAll in $HMMY. You'll double your money when movie season hits it's peak during Star Wats in December.OP. I AM WITH YOU

8 IS LUCKY NUMBER OF CHINA

SEEYA ON THE MOONThe master trollSuited bigs get it in If you don't think guns are an asset you've either never bought or sold a gun or idk you may just be retarded. My collection is in the five figure range and in the event of divorce I would lose half of it, or other assets equal to half the value of the guns.Girls just think you're lying. Should be a pick of him jerking off or something BW has been around a LONG time.  For me, it seemed a pretty low risk investment.[holy shit buy VIX now!](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2017/09/03/0200000000AEN20170903003100315.html)Long toe0 - Bonds  
1 - Index Investing / Bond Funds  
2 - Stocks  
3 - ETFs  
4 - ~~Options~~------- Idiots from here down  
5 - OTCMKTS  
6 - FX  
7 - Binary "Options"  
8 - MLM Participation  
9 - Ponzi Schemes  
10 - State Lottery  Up 2.92% in my 2 wks on RH. And that's being down $100 with $HMMY. Dem Biopharm small caps are poppin.Yep, what's my commission though? I was more talking about being the woman in that situation.

People recognizing the economic nature of marriage would be good. But let's remember that the previous arrangement was pretty shitty for a lot of reasons.Same here.  But with my luck, markets will be up. SHIT POSTYeah, I really didn't expect the stock to go as far down as it did, but the rebound has been heartening. You're going to do incredibly well on this one if it keeps up.whats wrong with being a faggot? At least they have open relationships and their partners don't usually get all fat
and grossDat discount defense. If you're holdin it for long term that's a good idea, but it's gonna open like 30 cents higher than Friday's close. I got 10 shares and wish I had more That's....way less incendiary than I imagined it would be...I just dumped my SVXY 80 strikes for over a dollar when I paid .25 for them. Seeing this test lets me do it again.So so glad I sold XIV. I knew this wouldn't last long...does this mean I am finally "learning"?Billy O!!!Share your secret?Helicopter ridesI did the same thing with my old IBM....oh wait.Do you have an actual question or something to add to the conversation?Too bad you didn't get in on its last reverse split LOLAt the Wynn, most machines are $3 minimum.For those who don't know, this is a physically-backed gold ETF and imo, is a correct answer to the question posed by op.You're almost in the money now.He fuked upLol. I thought the same thing. The suit and hair.